Release 0.18.0 post (#127)
TeamNewPipe/website: _posts/2019-12-23-newpipe-0.18.0-released.md

------------------ TWO screenshots  ------------------------

We'd like to provide some kind of help to point out donating options for selected instances. We'd like to hear your opinion on this topic and are happy about suggestions where to add donation hints. Please feel free to leave your comment [here](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/issues/2839).
Also, PeerTube supports peer-to-peer, but NewPipe does not yet. We'd welcome any help and ideas for a proper implementation. In case you are interested in helping out, you can find the current discussion over at [GitHub](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipeExtractor/issues/79).

## Downloader improvements

> [@kapadomy](https://github.com/kapadomy) continued his awesome work on the downloader. in this release he calculated an estimated remaining downlaod time which is shown on the download panel. To improve support of more external audio players, audio which is encoded as OPUS is now saved as OGG in a .webem file. In case you needed to pause a download (or some network interruption forced you to do so), NewPipe can now recover the expired download links and resume it after a long time. In case there should be an error while downloading an audio or video, the app now displays more debug info helping to track the cause down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[@kapadomy](https://github.com/kapadomy) continued his awesome work on the downloader. in this release he calculated an estimated remaining download time which is shown on the download panel. To improve support of more external audio players, audio which is encoded as OPUS is now saved as OGG instead of a .webm file. In case you needed to pause a download (or some network interruption forced you to do so), NewPipe can now recover the expired download links and resume it after a long time. In case there should be an error while downloading an audio or video, the app now displays more debug info helping to track the cause down.
```

Reviewer: it's hard to see in the diff but there are 2 typos in there

Reviewer 2: Spotted em, it's `instead of` and `webem -> webm`. I think `.webm` should even be escaped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[@kapadomy](https://github.com/kapadomy) continued his awesome work on the downloader. in this release he calculated an estimated remaining download time which is shown on the download panel. To improve support of more external audio players, audio which is encoded as Opus is now saved in a `.ogg` file instead of a `.webm` file. In case you needed to pause a download (or some network interruption forced you to do so), NewPipe can now recover the expired download links and resume it after a long time. In case there should be an error while downloading an audio or video, the app now displays more debug info helping to track the cause down.
```

I added escaping to the file extension and and fixed the format names (it's Opus and `.ogg` now (the latter refers to the container in the file only, it's not like any conversion would take place), not OPUS and OGG; I might be a *little* pedantic there).

Author: I took a closer at the PR. We switched from downloading Opus audio as `.opus` to `.webm`, but it is planed to switch to `.ogg` in a later PR. That's why I'd remove that line as the change will only be effective for short time.

## Improvements and bug fixes

> This release covers a bunch of bug fixes, performance improvements and sall additions. This includes a fix for devices running Android 8 and later which have a native light navigation bar. With black theme enabled on these devices, the navigation bar should be black now, too. Please thank [@marcovr](https://github.com/marcovr) for this small tweak which give your eyes a rest. [@mauriciocolli](https://github.com/mauriciacolli) provided important improvements which lay the ground for [subsription groups and a full functional feed](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/pull/2309) which we hope to ship soon. He cleaned up the extractor and adjusted localization changes, cleaned up kiosk pages (e.g. YouTube's Trending and SoundCloud's Top 50/New & Hot) and improved their performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release covers a bunch of bug fixes, performance improvements and small additions. This includes a fix for devices running Android 8 and later which have a native light navigation bar. With black theme enabled on these devices, the navigation bar should be black now, too. Please thank [@marcovr](https://github.com/marcovr) for this small tweak which give your eyes a rest. [@mauriciocolli](https://github.com/mauriciacolli) provided important improvements which lay the ground for [subscription groups and a full functional feed](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/pull/2309) which we hope to ship soon. He cleaned up the extractor and adjusted localization changes, cleaned up kiosk pages (e.g. YouTube's Trending and SoundCloud's Top 50/New & Hot) and improved their performance.
```
